Feature/autotools create pkg (#3622)
conan-io/docs: examples/tools/autotools/build_project_autotools_toolchain.rst

.. _examples_tools_autotools_autotools_toolchain_build_project_autotools_toolchain:

Build a simple Autotools project with Conan dependencies
========================================================

> .. warning::
> 
>   This example only works in Linux and OSX, but not in Windows (even if using msys2/cygwin subsystems, 
>   WSL shouldn't be a problem it is Linux)
> 

Reviewer: This read a bit confusing for me, maybe we can rephrase it?

```suggestion
.. warning::

  This example will only work for Linux and OSX environments and does not support Windows directly, including msys2/cygwin subsystems.
  However, Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) should work since it provides a Linux environment. While Conan offers `win_bash = True` 
  for some level of support in Windows environments with Autotools, it's not applicable in this tutorial.

```
